[OLD] Hello, my journey started after taking a university course in "Web Design & Design for Mobile Devices" 9 years ago, after graduating as a creative "Publicist".

I then worked for an Australian digital agency for over 4 years where I started with my basic knowledge in UI Design, Responsive Design, and bases of coding; my primarily role became "Lead Developer" for years, although my main skill is to be able to design or develop responsive user interfaces understanding the real challenges, the differences, and iterations between versions and the different devices, from design to code.

I recently took an in-person course in "Product Design including UX and UI" at Experience Haus, London, UK, in 2022 - 2023. Now I'm willing to join a team to help them bring and create big projects once again.

-------

[NEW] Hello, my name is Simón.

My journey in the industry started 9 years ago after taking a university course in "Web Design and Design for Mobile Devices" after graduating as a creative "Publicist" from university.

I then worked for an Australian digital agency for over 4 years where I started with my basic knowledge in UI design, responsive design, and bases of coding; my main role then became "Lead Developer" for 4 years, although my main skills overlap both design and development of UI, understanding the real challenges, the differences, and iterations between different devices, from design to code.

I focused my past years learning tons more about UI design, UX design, web best practices, and keeping up-to-date with coding (especially with styling and with new CSS and JS frameworks).

I recently took an in-person course focused in "Product Design including UX and UI" at Experience Haus, London, UK, from 2022 - 2023. Now I'm willing to join a team to help them bring to life and create big projects once again.







------------------







I helped bring to life dozens of website/app related projects most related to environmental and political issues. I made the mobile/tablet iterations of all of them as well, as I had responsive design knowledge and skills. I took a course in "Web Design & Design for Mobile Devices" 9 years ago.

Mostly, I helped my previous company (Code Nation Australia) to grow from the very beginnings, being part of many of the initial big decisions that shaped this digital agency and its culture.







------------------







Artist in a business world.







------------------







...and apply your skills to produce industry leading products.







------------------







Bruce Lee - I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times.







------------------







Motivation:

I would like to join a company and team once again to work on User Interface (UI) and/or User Experience (UX) design projects, using and applying the skills I have gained being part of the industry for 9 years.

I have taken two in-person UI Design courses in the past: a "Web Design and Design for Mobile Devices (Responsive Design)" university course in Pontificia Universidad Javeriana, Bogotá, Colombia. I then gained over 4 years of real work Front-end Development experience in a Australian based digital agency, and I recently took a "Product Design including UX & UI" course at Experience Haus, London, UK.







------------------







Hola, no actualmente.

_La última agencia con quienes trabajé, Code Nation Australia, fue hace unos años ya. Trabajé como Front-end con ellos después de haber tomado un curso de Responsive Design en la Javeriana. Estos años traté de emprender un negocio con Amazon FBA, luego hice algo de Freelance con Web Design y Development, SEO, Social Media, durante aproximadamente un año, lo cuál no fue tan fácil. El año pasado a finales fui a tomar el curso que mencioné de Product Design including UX & UI._

Hace poco pude terminar mi portafolio enfocado en UX/UI y Product Design, y hasta ahora estoy aplicando en ésto.