... [Editing: Jul 13, 2024] ...
DO NOT READ THE MIX OF IDEAS BELOW, FOR NOW :) Cheers




The goal was to get an idea of possible features, sections, and pages to include in our new website re-design.

During our first Discovery Call, my client sent me 5 websites they liked and/or considered their competition. I added 4 more to the mix (contra, strawberry, remote, and paired) that I found later, not including a few more hiring websites were I did more of a Comparative Analysis looking for unique features, good storytelling, inspiring copy, and inspiring design (as those mentioned aren’t really our competitors, but they are more stylish and design-driven job-hunting sites).

The first thing I noticed is that all of them (except for Strawberry which is a bit different), not a few, but 8 out of 9 of them had the Hero Header followed by a Partners’ Logos section just immediately after—this has the goal of creating trust, credibility, and recognition.




In summary, my client didn’t like Howdy’s design, although I think is a very complete site. The good thing is we can avoid that style and I can design the site to look however other style we do like. I liked Terminal as well although the design or illustrations aren’t my cup-of-tea, but it is very deep and complete. In the other hand I feel “Tecla” is very good, but the design is a bit outdated and complex, resembling an old website, also searching for the different programs or solutions, its a bit convoluted.



I think the idea should be to update and upgrade “Cultsure LLC” to be more modern, eye-catching, functional, and competitive. We will add responsiveness as well as the current site is not. But still keeping the project simpler as it has a smaller-scope than some of these big platforms.  These sites are most of them big and complex apps or platforms with on-boarding, signup accounts, profiles, job posting, job searching, they include deep tech related glossaries and information, among other features.

...
We can re-create some features for a ‘website scope’, for example having “engineers/businesses” view and a bit different forms, contact info, and different general info. Also mentioning, linking to, explaining or integrating “odiseacultura” a bit more.


[NOTE: “Contra” for example was created in ‘NextJS’. ‘NextJS’ totally let you create ‘any’ scope of projects or scale them in the future, even a social-media platform or any big platform could be created using ‘NextJS’, as ‘ReactJS’ was created by Facebook and powers some of those platforms.]



---------------------


... [Editing: Jul 13, 2024] ...

[Probably Delete All] ... [Sorry If You Are Reading This, Half-Cooked Today] ... [It Is Basically What I Wrote Again Above] ...

We had our second planned meeting call that we were forced to move because of easter egg's week, so for now I presented them with the Competitive Analysis findings, some related information about web best practices, SEO, and the following Sitemap showing the features, sections, and pages that I was proposing the new website to include; they would later aprove some of these in a chat or jump in the meeting call when arriving, so I can then continue with the Mid-fidelity Design of the Home Page.

... [Was Image] ...

In the meantime, I started with some Low-fidelity Wireframes first that weren't really in the initial plan, but the project was going to be delayed for a week anyway, so I would be able to use this wireframes to let the client better visualise the structure and idea that I was proposing for this first design meeting. We would have a second design meeting (or design iteration) later and a final delivery meeting further.
I would later more easily convert this into the final Mid-fidelity Design required at the end of the design phase. If we develop the site (which would require a second contract) I would update this to a final High-fidelity Design or Prototype including the rest of the pages to be developed, and we would have 2 more in-development design iterations.